docs/installation.md, before:

# Installation

Before starting ensure [requirements](requirements.md) are met
## GitHub Actions (recommended)

<img src="images/pipeline.png">

* deploy Domain Protect in your AWS Organization
* no need to clone or fork Domain Protect
* internal / private deployment repository to protect sensitive information
* uses OpenID Connect - no IAM user with long-lived access keys
* update to latest version of Domain Protect any time by running pipeline

Follow detailed instructions in separate [Domain Protect Deploy](https://github.com/domain-protect/domain-protect-deploy) repository with GitHub Actions deployment workflow

## Atlantis

Per [official documentation](https://www.runatlantis.io/), Atlantis is an application for automating Terraform via pull requests

* For atlantis to work, you can simply create a new stack (folder) in your environment with the name `domain-protect`. You will then make the necessary changes to the `atlantis.yaml` file, so atlantis knows where all the terraform code is from.

Example changes to `atlantis.yaml`:

```yaml
- name: domain-protect-security-audit
  dir: security/domain-protect
  workspace: security-audit
  workflow: security-audit
  terraform_version: 1.3.1
```

* In the `domain-protect` folder, you can copy the content of `main.tf` file from this repo. For each of the module, make sure you change the source to this repo so you can reuse the module here

For example, update:

```terraform
module "kms" {
  source  = "./terraform-modules/kms"
  project = var.project
  region  = var.region
}
```

to

```terraform
module "kms" {
  source  =  "git::https://github.com/domain-protect/domain-protect.git//terraform-modules/kms"
  project = var.project
  region  = var.region
}
```

Also, because of the way the lambda code modules are set up, you will need to copy the contents of `scripts/lambda-build`, `build` and `lambda_code` folders with the same path to your `domain-protect` folder. In the end, you will have a structure like this:

* domain-protect
  * main.tf
  * variables.tf
  * terraform.tfvars
  * build
  * lambda_code
  * scripts
    * lambda-build
      * create-package-for-each.sh
      * create-package.sh

Finally, make sure you the scripts in `scripts/lambda-build` are executable before committing to your repo by running `chmod +x`

The downside of this approach is changes to `build`, `lambda_code`, or `scripts` folders from source folder have to be synced manually to local folder

This is only one of the many ways to deploy with atlantis. You should tailor to your environment. Please reach out to us to brainstorm on your deployment workflow.

## Manual installation (not recommended)

* replace the Terraform state S3 bucket fields in the command below as appropriate
* for local testing, duplicate `terraform.tfvars.example`, rename without the `.example` suffix
* enter details appropriate to your organization and save
* alternatively enter Terraform variables within your CI/CD pipeline
* deploy development environment for detection only
* default scan schedule for dev environment is 12 hours

```bash
terraform init -backend-config=bucket=TERRAFORM_STATE_BUCKET -backend-config=key=TERRAFORM_STATE_KEY -backend-config=region=TERRAFORM_STATE_REGION
terraform workspace new dev
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

* deploy production environment for detection and automated takeover
* default scan schedule for `prd` environment is 60 minutes

```bash
terraform workspace new prd
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

## Adding notifications to extra Slack channels

* add an extra channel to your slack_channels variable list
* add an extra webhook URL or repeat the same webhook URL to your `slack_webhook_urls` variable list
* apply Terraform

[back to README](../README.md)

Commit message:

Add environment override (#281)
* Update environment variable handling in `locals.tf` and `variables.tf`

* Add instructions to override Terraform workspace name

* Clarify instruction for overriding workspace name

* Update environment variable description in variables.tf

* Rename `production_workspace` to `production_environment`

* Rename production_workspace to production_environment for clarity

* Refactor `production_environment` to use local variable

* Fix production_environment and production_workspace coalesce order

docs/installation.md, after:

# Installation

Before starting ensure [requirements](requirements.md) are met
## GitHub Actions (recommended)

<img src="images/pipeline.png">

* deploy Domain Protect in your AWS Organization
* no need to clone or fork Domain Protect
* internal / private deployment repository to protect sensitive information
* uses OpenID Connect - no IAM user with long-lived access keys
* update to latest version of Domain Protect any time by running pipeline

Follow detailed instructions in separate [Domain Protect Deploy](https://github.com/domain-protect/domain-protect-deploy) repository with GitHub Actions deployment workflow

## Atlantis

Per [official documentation](https://www.runatlantis.io/), Atlantis is an application for automating Terraform via pull requests

* For atlantis to work, you can simply create a new stack (folder) in your environment with the name `domain-protect`. You will then make the necessary changes to the `atlantis.yaml` file, so atlantis knows where all the terraform code is from.

Example changes to `atlantis.yaml`:

```yaml
- name: domain-protect-security-audit
  dir: security/domain-protect
  workspace: security-audit
  workflow: security-audit
  terraform_version: 1.3.1
```

* In the `domain-protect` folder, you can copy the content of `main.tf` file from this repo. For each of the module, make sure you change the source to this repo so you can reuse the module here

For example, update:

```terraform
module "kms" {
  source  = "./terraform-modules/kms"
  project = var.project
  region  = var.region
}
```

to

```terraform
module "kms" {
  source  =  "git::https://github.com/domain-protect/domain-protect.git//terraform-modules/kms"
  project = var.project
  region  = var.region
}
```

Also, because of the way the lambda code modules are set up, you will need to copy the contents of `scripts/lambda-build`, `build` and `lambda_code` folders with the same path to your `domain-protect` folder. In the end, you will have a structure like this:

* domain-protect
  * main.tf
  * variables.tf
  * terraform.tfvars
  * build
  * lambda_code
  * scripts
    * lambda-build
      * create-package-for-each.sh
      * create-package.sh

Finally, make sure you the scripts in `scripts/lambda-build` are executable before committing to your repo by running `chmod +x`

The downside of this approach is changes to `build`, `lambda_code`, or `scripts` folders from source folder have to be synced manually to local folder

This is only one of the many ways to deploy with atlantis. You should tailor to your environment. Please reach out to us to brainstorm on your deployment workflow.

## Manual installation (not recommended)

* replace the Terraform state S3 bucket fields in the command below as appropriate
* for local testing, duplicate `terraform.tfvars.example`, rename without the `.example` suffix
* enter details appropriate to your organization and save
* alternatively enter Terraform variables within your CI/CD pipeline
* deploy development environment for detection only
* default scan schedule for dev environment is 12 hours

```bash
terraform init -backend-config=bucket=TERRAFORM_STATE_BUCKET -backend-config=key=TERRAFORM_STATE_KEY -backend-config=region=TERRAFORM_STATE_REGION
terraform workspace new dev
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

* deploy production environment for detection and automated takeover
* default scan schedule for `prd` environment is 60 minutes

```bash
terraform workspace new prd
terraform plan
terraform apply
```

### Overriding workspace/environment name

If you're using external tooling or systems where `terraform.workspace` works differently, you can override the value by setting the `environment` variable.

```hcl
# terraform.tfvars
environment="prod" # used instead of terraform.workspace
```

Make sure to also update `production_environment` to match the `environment` variable when deploying to production.

## Adding notifications to extra Slack channels

* add an extra channel to your slack_channels variable list
* add an extra webhook URL or repeat the same webhook URL to your `slack_webhook_urls` variable list
* apply Terraform

[back to README](../README.md)
